utinam fantechnology pellet videorecension site I am in today
presence of a line 103 -
cellular tac scrin analysts - exclusive
to have a good confession
what brings the plastic pack
then for bed osdb
nico vs on tv
here then
then we have
in the headphones
the star
very simple costumes,
very cheap common ash tree to be able to respond
I also need to receive calls to listen to radio
the charger
buy
nico pulzetti
manual nirvan
she
for first use e
some manual for
- services - let's take a look at what a patch is that says I'm just a
unquestioned open barcelona
let's go to peace for the affair d
reserve
this of the mother
they can say that from here there are all the movies of people that can be
move away
south reunion but indeed
here are the dots where they can be recognized can understand in which
11 is located
my name is the central button menu yes but at least this will -
- it is very simple in vaguely remembering the mass but I am agnese que se
slightly gmail indeed even those of the laws in what a place
market wanted to see in the last lg
the very simple menus are prestinord 12 in common
100 classic
there is the android address book smilies - send messages
here it is
very simple
a little loco comes
this and the icon that will contain surf the internet you remember the
features of the screen questions
I remember that this is only in gprs a connection definitely works
very slow
the angle of the mp3 player employs a one camera, 3000px here it is
I had already told Anna Anna Radio FM
the designs are very very compact indeed we have a
a mobile phone of 9 cm 2d height
for width 4, love
while the thickness of a centimeter letters
savana really not tac scrin really small small mv is in fact are
only two, 4 inches
%
as for the navigation I tell you right away it is not advisable in the
meaning that being in gprs the connection is already very slow
if it is also considered due to the small size of the display
there are those who have little to do not
but certainly not for some brief information but some info
as for the menu with a very simple trend anpas fan
slightly. how to make laws
planes are icon standards we have the ancestors of the games
this one of the camera puts a face right now. some photographs of a
moment
as it comes
okay evening immediately some problems with the green touch screen because unfortunately
romaland worries me
this smoke conam listen to the packaging
a moment the central button
save customized photo
there are no photos yet of rice with the same resolution and soap
natural damage, pixel chemistry
you can't expect to have hotmail photos the print are marshall seco
are said of the things that can be sent to send the mms paradise of
letters on the display
or if you download what you need directly from your computer using the cable
thesis settings putty
there is no more
mind when it comes to virginie windjet let's see what's in store for us
nothing special at all are those on the menu so what
you see in the menu they are also wind jet
its quisque fortune and hours always the clock will not find it in the menu
madonna di sotto -
mass move it melanoma
done
then I have to concentrate as I said before there are the low tribune to move them
low cost
moves
- a little bit
the sun 24 hours
then I
what to say
sicuramenteeee
phone
I can not know it costs your mind list price 49 euros
the inter asks that you definitely recommend for a guy they don't have
big claims so much I want to believe that the first time a tac scrin
art no
if instead reliable and I have never had problems of reception with how much
it concerns
who bcc of phone calls I also had phone calls
phone call decision
I received some problems regarding when the signal when
there is little signal
the community for even when I phone often even when such the line
it also happens to you mobile phones certainly with this ungaretti
success
I don't say often mao has happened more than once
ballardini 2 pass this this is
that here to open and close the phone in the middle button always cool
to be able to access at least
professed roots are not a top for hole
here it is
very simple there are no birthdays
I advise for
not just a
for a simple one of what you want to do one of the fairies of the sms
unirelab nothing to remove the pockets free here with engravings are other models of
a sumptuous way of rice
fantechnology all bye to the next